---
title: Weekend fun
Date: 2025-07-26
Author: Joel Anderson
description: I guess it's a good sign that you are enjoying your new profession when you want to spend you free time learning, and playing.
---

## Start of Day:

### What are my goals today?
Goal's today :thinking:
I had a play with Figma Make last weekend, and my normal behavior is to do one thing from start to finish, but I am not optimizing for completeness here I am optimizing for learnings. I am learning things so fast, I feel like they are going in one ear and out the other. They are sticking after repetition. ie. i've worked on 3 projects with the exact same tech stack and implemented RLS on 3 different things and I remember all of those things. But, other learnings, that I am not seeing on every project or maybe I should be, but I've already forgotten them.

This is a lot of words to say, I learned that your github repo wiki, is actually it's own git hub repo, and you can visit your wiki repo, and clone it down, so you can edit it locally and push it up to your project. What I would like to do is start slowly building a play book, that I can upload to any project, and use it as reference, and have my ai assistants both on the coding end and on the pr review end, reference it, and hopefully make my coding even faster and more consistent, and it gives me a chance to consolidate the things I am learning in to a concise hopefully digestable document.

- [ ] Start building a starter wiki repo.

### What are my challenges today?
As always on the weekends. limited time. I've only got about 2 hours so we will see how much I get done.


## End of Day

### Have I reached my goals today?
Absolutely. I learned heaps, and it was all focused around utilizing githubs features.


### What have I learned today?
1. .github
  - I had no idea about this, but discovered it through playing around the wiki let that lead down the rabbit hole of setting up kanban boards, issues, and sub issues.
2. github wiki repo
  - Feel like I've got the hang of how this repo can go. Though as I was starting to fill it out with stuff I've learned about `Git Flow` I discovered a new type of Git workflow called `trunk-based development` which is the idea of just having a main branch and then feature branches that are really tiny pieces of code. Think of it like a button instead of an entire form. You then just `pr` that straight into production code. it's more agile, it means your pushing small chuncks of code that are much easier to review, and it means theirs less slog of running things through a dev branch, then a staging branch, and then to main(production)

3. trunk-branch git
  - Well I described it above but, the things I like about it is kind of like my experience in Lean manufacturing. You do one thing at a time. one widget from start to finish then the next thing from start to finish. That way you don't get 100 widgets to the last stage just to realise the entire spec was wrong, etc, etc.

4. git flow
  - Also learned more about git flow, and complete feature branches which is what I was taught at Dev Academy and is what the majority of the industry is doing. This was a revelation when I first learned about it, as initially my first group we decided to split frontend and backend dev, which proved a nightmare due to one being new to coding, and 2 you didn't own the whole flow from front to back so two new devs building incompatible frontends and backend relationships.

5. git tags
  - I learned about this from JV, and using tagging for triggering auto deployment to production. I like this because it makes git more human readable, and follows the known pattern of NPM packages which I like! Just doing a quick ChatGPT with sources, It looks like this concept comes from early Unix, Berkeley Software Dsitribution and FOSS development in the 1970s-1980s. Then Semantic Versioning (semVer) became the standard and was brought to prominence by Tom Preston-Werner (2010) who was the co-oudner of GitHub. [semver.org](https://semver.org) orignal Blog Post "Semantic Versionsing 2.0.0"

## Journal
