---
title: Finish Off my bug hunting mission
Date: 2025-07-25
Author: Joel Anderson
description: On the last bug for this weeks project. Also I tried a thing.
---

## Start of Day:

### What are my goals today?
Goals today, finish off this bug hunting expedition. and Get back to RLS implementation, and code review.


### What are my challenges today?
I think today is a lighter work load day, and not following into the trap of taking it to easy. Obviously over doing it is not great for longevity, but not letting time slip away, because I still have a lot to do, but that mental feeling that it's lighter because of what I achieved throughout the week could come back to bite me.


## End of Day

### Have I reached my goals today?
I did! WooHoo! knocked out the bugs. I am finding bug hunting on a code base you know really well is really quite fun. I am loving it! I didn't make it back to my RLS project, but I did finish the bug hunting. It was really satisfying to be able to figure out why the bug was happening (with Claude's help) and then fix them. Many of the bugs came from edge cases that from through some really good beta user testing, we we're able to find and fix. This kind of feedback loop is really cool.

### What have I learned today?
I have reinforced the idea of get it working first and then refactor. Often times **especially when working with a coding assistant** that going for the ulitimate solution straight away leads to a huge refactor that in the end still doesn't work, has made the code base messier, and wastes a bunch of time, and when I take the opposite approach of just getting it working with the existing maybe malformed bit of code base, and then doing the refactor, the coding assistant is much better at helping me refactor it in a way that maintains the functionality.

I've also learned the incredibly important skill of commiting after every small change that I approve from an assitant, because it makes reseting to a functional state much easier, or I I want to compare commits, and makes it really clear when some non-funtional code has been written or if the coding assistant has _gone wild_ and I've got to just reset the changes, I don't lose the progress, and I don't have to waste tokens on asking Claude to revert the changes since the last prompt.

## Journal
I am finding using a coding assistant fun, frustrating, educational, allowing me to stay more user focused? instead of just focusing on how the code works, I can think what would the ideal user experience look like and how do I want to architect it from where it is to where I want it to go. I feel like I am moving up a layer, and learning how to architect code, instead of writing every line of it.

Another observation I am starting to make after using a coding asssitant for 2 months, is that I don't find myself reaching for Claude for everything, :sweat_smile: which I was doing early on. Basically as a new developer I was second guessing my instincts, but through having great senior developers around me, it is helping shape that confidence, and knowing when is the right time to reach for the tools, and when it's just faster and cheaper to just do it yourself.

