---
title: Feeling engergized
Date: 2025-07-28
Author: Joel Anderson
description: Excited to get into the week, feeling pumped after getting some good learnings and exploring over the weekend.
---

## Start of Day:

### What are my goals today?
1. keep the energy up
2. Finally finish the RLS on the project I'm working on
3. Make a lighting talk about RLS, to consolidate my learning, and to share my learnings with my team.


### What are my challenges today?
I don't know. I like to always have challenges, because it means I am being self-aware, but today I struggle to think of what those challenges are.

## End of Day

### Have I reached my goals today?
1. Absolutely, I had some incredible energy yesterday, and smashed through some RLS implementation. trying to reflect on where that came from I'm not sure. We slept in yesterday so the morning was much more rushed than normal and I'm wondering if that rushed energy, got my heart rate up and had me pumped for the day.
2. Not quite, I have one more bit of RLS to finish but very close, only reason that wasn't finished is I need to pair with one of my senior colleagues to figure out what is happening.
3. I started on this, made some progress, but not complete. I am happy with that result.
4.

### What have I learned today?
I learned heaps.  Starting understand circular dependencies in RLS and how to handle those safely, securely. I solidified some of my learning about initial setup of SupaBase in a project, just by preparing for my lightning talk. I was rminded of some PostgreSQL syntax and how you can abreviate values using the `<table_name> tn` kind of syntax and then call it like `tn.field_name` and how to do inner joins. As this is a much more complex db than any project I've ever worked on and there are a lot more needs for joins.

Another kind of side topic I learned more about was `Trunk Based Development` or `TBD` which is kind of a funny acronym overlap with "to be determined".

## Journal
 Essentially the idea is small frequent merges to main, like every few hours and at max every two days. The idea here is that it is easier to give proper code reviews, everyone is working on something much closer to the source so less merge conflicts happen in constrast to huge feature branches that have 1000's of lines of code to merge in and are conflicting with the other feature branches that were developed at the same time on yet another branch. it also keeps your branches much more tidy. No need for dev or staging etc. Just main, sub-feature branch, and hot-fixes if you really want to or a true trunk-based development just hot fixes on main. The other key feature of this is using feature flags. This makes it so you can turn features on and off, say a feature is ounfinished you can merge it in but turned off so it doesnt effect the live code on main. but then when your're read you can turn it back on and that will make it so you can also toggle it when you need to maybe there is a bug and you can just turn it off and the main branch bug is instntly gone until the bug has been fixed.
