---
title: Yay! I'm doing my journal
Date: 2025-07-08
Author: Joel Anderson
description: Another week and continuing to learn and improve.
---

## Start of Day:

### What are my goals today?
- [ ] Goals today are finishing updating our type system to have proper seperation of concerns. Seperating out the Domain data for app specific data (ie. UserData), DB entities to extend the Domain data interface (ie. User), and Domain transfer Object interface extensions for various CRUD operations (ie. UpdateUserData).
- [ ] Research zod to determine how to best make use of it.
- [ ] MAIN GOAL: Finish getting the db <-> frontend fully piped and operational


### What are my challenges today?
I'd say my challenges today, are not knowing what I don't know. I am finding that as a junior dev, I will get into what I think the problem is and then find myself debugging something unexpected. A side effect of the changes I've made. Fortunately I have a great team that is very helpful at coaching me through problems we I need help.

## End of Day

### Have I reached my goals today?
- [x] Goals today are finishing updating our type system to have proper seperation of concerns. Seperating out the Domain data for app specific data (ie. UserData), DB entities to extend the Domain data interface (ie. User), and Domain transfer Object interface extensions for various CRUD operations (ie. UpdateUserData).
- [ ] Research zod to determine how to best make use of it.
- [ ] MAIN GOAL: Finish getting the db <-> frontend fully piped and operational
Didn't quite meet the goals. Didn't even look at zod, maybe I'll have a look at that today, and was so close on getting the db <-> frontend fully connected.


### What have I learned today?
It's funny because I'm realising a theme over the last two weeks. I start a journal on Monday, and then finish it at the end of the week :laughing: What have I learned. I have consilidated some learning around Next.js, and starting to really understand seperation of concerns on the server side, using actions, services, transformations, and data.
1. **Actions** for communicating the data between the frontend and backend.
2. **Services**
3. **Transformations** converting the shape of the data from camelCase for the frontend to snake_case for the backend
4. **data** the database functions that communicate with the database.

I'm really starting to understand how to set this backend side of things up, and getting better at setting up the frontend, though I find the frontend a bit more intuitive.

## Journal
I'm proud of myself for continuing to journal even though I've not been consistent I am glad that I am getting some progress. Persistence always beats resistance, at least I like to think that's true.

