---
title: A new week a new project
Date: 2025-06-30
Author: Joel Anderson
description: Today I am working on a new project, but mostly getting another chance to take a project from scratch to completion
---

## Start of Day:

### What are my goals today?
- [ ] Set the project up for success through planning
- [ ] Dig into setting up the basics based on my plan and process improvements from the previous project.

### What are my challenges today?
Staying on track. There's always a lot of things you could do when starting a project, and with this one it's all about making sure to not spend too much time on the wrong activities.

## End of Day

### Have I reached my goals today?
I think I reached the goals. I am writing this 3 days later :eyes:


### What have I learned today?
I have definitely focused on my learnings this week, which has been great! Feeling like I have a strong understanding of using **SupaBase** and **Vercel** both in local dev, and in remote dev and deployment.

I'll just summarize the week since I missed so many days. Wow, as I start to look back at my notes from the week, I learned heaps this week. On Monday, I was having trouble with docker desktop and the Supabase CLI not playing nice on Linux, so I switched over to just using the docker engine which has been working great, but sucked up hours of my life. I do feel like I understand docker a little bit better.

Then I learned how to use the Vercel CLI for deploying to dev/feat branch previews, staging, and production. Also how to manage having our internal team accounts, and our client accounts for production, and it not be an annoying process, usings npm scripts.

Similar story of my learning of the SupaBase CLI. How to manage local, remote, and the production database.
Here's the complete CLI docs if your interested.
[SupaBase CLI docs](https://supabase.com/docs/reference/cli/introduction)
[Vercel CLI docs](https://vercel.com/docs/cli)

Some other things I learned more about is setting up RLS and Auth in SupaBase and how to manage that locally. Also, started looking into OAuth for setting up using Google and GitHub for login.

And the last thing I'll talk about today is learning more about using dev tools in the browser to what's happening in the network, how to look at the requests, and to look at the local cache and the browser storage.

## Journal
I have been trying to get back to journaling after nearly a month of not journalling, and Well I only got Monday and Friday this week, but I am going to take what I learned from [Tiny Habits]() and celebrate the win of remembering and finishing this Monday...to thursday journal, and then doing a friday journal, next week is a new week and this week was better than the last week.

