---
title: Doing a little Java learning
Date: 2025-04-29
Author: Joel Anderson
description: I've got an upcoming interview with a company that uses java on the backend, just doing a little learning to see what it's about.
---

## Start of Day:

### What are my goals today?
1. Do some interview prep
2. Do five STAR Question/Answers (written)
3. techweek event at Deloitte
4. plan a full stack project with java as the backend.

### What are my challenges today?
Being efficient with my learning. Yesterday I really had trouble committing to a learning path. I'm glad I made sure I found the right course but I thing I could have done that more efficiently.

## End of Day

### Have I reached my goals today?
- [x] Do some interview prep
- [x] Do five STAR Question/Answers (written)
- [x] techweek event at Deloitte
- [x] plan a full stack project with java as the backend.
  - bonus I started working on it. mainly because I decided to do a code along instead of making up my own app.

### What have I learned today?
I learned more about creating Docker containers, and running instances of MySQL, php, and apache, because I'd didn't want to install the crazy xampp thing it recommended me do.

I also learned about using a docker-compose.yml for configuring the docker and running commands like
``` commandline
docker-compose ps // list all the services in the docker-compose.yml file

docker ps // checks status of all running containers

docker-compose up -d //this runs the containers in detached mode (doesn't take over terminal)

docker-compose down // winds the container down

docker-compose build
```

And many more those are just the ones I can remember.

I also, learned a good bit setting up mySQL-workbench and connecting to mySQL instance in the docker container.

I learned some basic java syntax for post and get routes, which I am seeing lots of parallels to JavaScript. Different syntax but a lot of the same concepts.

Still don't quite have my head around the names like classes, and methods, etc but I get the basic concepts of what they do. Thanks to Intellij though it makes it pretty easy as it's hinting is incredibly good.

Things I learned in java/springboot
``` java
@PostMapping("/route") // for posting something to the database
@GetMapping("/routes") // for getting something from the database
// This really simple way to connect it to my front-end though I imaging when I host it on render I'll need to change it.
@CrossOrigin("http://localhost:3000")
```

I learned some other things too, but can't remember.

I also learned a little bootstrap. Something I hadn't expected to try out, but have mostly been copy pasting as it's a code along, and the point of bootstrap is to get you there pretty quickly.


## Journal
I've learned a lot today / been exposed to a lot of new things.

I decided to make my weekly project a code a long to learn using java and spring boot to build a fullstack app, with a react front-end. I still need to add typescript but the code along doesn't use it so I guess it's not perfect, but it will be good practice for me to convert it to TypeScript.

