---
title: Busy Day
Date: 2025-05-19
Author: Joel Anderson
description: Another Busy week`
---

## Start of Day:

### What are my goals today?
1. Share my cv-share web app on Linkedin
2. Code with AI course work
3. Techweek events
4. Plan my interview prep practice


### What are my challenges today?
Challenges today, staying focused on the task I'm working on as I've got a lot going through the brain. So many things happening. I've got my first interview, it's techweek in NZ, and I'm going to a bunch of events, I'm taking this AI course. A lot is going on this week.

## End of Day

### Have I reached my goals today?
I made some progress on all of my goals. I wouldn't say I reached them, as I spent way too much time just figuring out how I wanted to learn Java and Spring Board.

### What have I learned today?
Kysley as a replacement for Knex with type-safety
1. enums - typescript
2. descrimination Unions

#### Java Learnings
I learned how to install intellij as a pretty quick and user friendly way to run Java code. I also found a great course from FreeCodeCamp.org that runs Java code straight in Replit which was super useful, though I am finding my use of Vim is making me super inefficient when I have to use something else. Though I don't really want to spend the energy to figure it out for NVIM.

I learned that .Java files are called ___ and are kind of similar to Components in React. Inside the file you have a ___ which is kind of like the React.js function, and ___ is like the React.js return(). That being said, inside the ___ you can initialize variables and then can print lines.

I also learned how to initialize variables types:
``` Java
boolean isDog = false
String isString = "This is a string"
char isSpecial = "%"
double = 1.2
int = 1
```
There are other ones, but these are the most commonly used ones.

I also learned about how to make concatenated strings or what is called **formatted** strings in Java.
``` java
/*
%f = float a number with a decimal which includes a double
%s = string
%d = decimal integer (byte, short, int, long)
%c = character (unicode point) or char
%b = boolean
%n = Platform newline is used instead of \n
%% = Literal
*/

// Here's an example
String name = "John";
String age = 24;
String gpa = 3.4;
String inHonest = false;
System.out.printf("My name is %s, I am %d, I have a %f gpa, and this information is %b", name, age, gpa, isHonest);
```

I also learned a few ways to output code:
`System.out.print(<prints without a newline>);`
`System.out.println(<what I want to print on a newline>);`
`System.out.printf(<Print a formatted string>);`

I also learned about scanner, a way to accept input from a user. Here's an example.
```java
System.out.print("Enter your name: ");
String name = scanner.nextLine(); // This will assign what is typed and returned in the terminal to the name variable.
System.out.printf("Hello, %s!", name);
scanner.close(); //Which needs to be done to release system resources, and closes the underlying stream.
```

## Journal
I'm going to skip my project this week. I don't like skipping as I like to stick to a plan, but it's a full on week, and I only have so much bandwidth, so making strategic choices of what I will work on is important.

I was riding my bike into work this morning, and cheekily broke a traffic rule. Another cyclist called me out on it, he did so calmly and with direct feedback. I really appreciated it. I think a younger me would have fluffed it off, but I have really grown to love feedback, especially how well he delivered it while biking of all things. It's a mistake I won't make again because of his actions, and will become a safer cyclist.

9:30am achieved my Linkedin posting goals :raised_hands:


