---
title: Personal Project
Date: 2025-05-29
Author: Joel Anderson
description: I've done a lot of good work this week, but it has been bits and pieces not really a project like I had aimed to, but in the AI coding essentials, my next task is to make a personal project. So maybe I can still pull something out by end of day Friday.
---

## Start of Day:

### What are my goals today?
1. Read class project brief, and make a plan.
2. Get on with it.
  - This isn't my normal way of doing things, I like to have an achievable or slightly stretchy goal for the time I have, but I think I'm going to go hard with a really light plan, and see what I can get done.

### What are my challenges today?
There's always challenges, but today I'm feeling confident and want to carry that confidence into my day I'm excited.
- A challenge will be to document what I am learning. When I'm focused I tend to strip away as much process as I can, but the process is important.

## End of Day

### Have I reached my goals today?
Absolutely met my very vague goals :laughing:

It was a solid day of learning about python and LangChain. I know this mainly be how fried my brain was in the evening.

### What have I learned today?
1. I learned the basic concepts of Python and Pydantic
2. I learned some basic concepts of LangChain
_more details below_

## Journal
I'm getting more into Python today. It's a bit funny I've learned about two new languages in the matter of two weeks. Last week I got the feel for Java although I don't really know how to use it effectively I get a since of how to code in it. This week is Python :laughing:.

As I feel my way through the AI coding essentials course work, I am finding and comparing things to JavaScript which is helping me understand better.

These analogies are not perfect but are helping me understand the purpose of these different things I am using in Python
1. uv : Python :: npm : Javascript
  Just like in npm there are commands like:
    - uv init
    - uv sync ("npm install")
    - uv run script
    - pyproject.toml ("package.json")
    - uv.lock ("package-lock")
    - .venv/ ("node_modules/")
2. pydantic : Python :: TypeScript : JavaScript
3. print() : Python :: console.log() : JavaScript
4. Basic data types: String, Integer, Float, Boolean, None
5. def means define function in Python like the `function` in JavaScript

I also am learning a bit about making a pydantic model then calling that into a class. And importing and loading the .env secrets using `load_dotenv()`

I just learned how the type safety is done in Python for a function here's an example showing both the parameter type, and the expected return type
``` Python
def greet(name: str) -> str:
  return f"hello, {name}"
```
Also above an example of a formatted string can be seen which is kind of like a template string from JavaScript. It allows you to write in line variables in a string instead of using concatenation e.g. `"hello " + name`

### AI coding essential learnings
1. Learned how to initialize and llm with langChain using the `ChatGoogleGenerativeAI(model="MODEL_NAME", temerapture=0)` class where temperature is a scale from 0 to 1. 0 being deterministic, and 1 being creative.
2. How to create structured data using the `with_structured_output` method in LangChain passing a pydantic model as the parameter
3. How to create a prompt template using ChatPromptTemplate.from_template
