---
title: Claudesidian is amazing
Date: 2025-10-
Author: Joel Anderson
description: :prayer_hands: thank you Noah Brier, for making Claudesidian, this is the note taking setup I didn't know I've always wanted.
---

## Start of Day:

### What are my goals today?
I'm not sure. yesterday I put up 3 PR's which was wild, so I'm not actually sure what the next ticket should be. But I imagine my goals will be to figure it out and finish the next ticket.


### What are my challenges today?
Coming in without a plan, which can sometime be hard to get into the flow.


## End of Day

### Have I reached my goals today?
missed this one. not sure what I learned.


### What have I learned today?

## Journal
I've been off my consistent journalling becuase I've spent all of my journalling time making some improvements or what is called a kaizen event. this is basically like doing something that will have a massive impact on efficiency but takes more than the 10-30min it takes to make a "2 second improvement" The naming doesn't really matter but can be helpful for knowing the difference. I've spent the last couple of days setting up Obsidian and "Claudesidian" which is basically a claude code setup for your obsidian vault. I can already feel the massive improvements its making. It's not that it's making my baseline faster, but it's making my output higher. I guess what I mean is what i was doing isn't getting faster it still is going to take me the same time to do these journals because I am hand writing them. What it is allowing me to do is research things I want to learn, make learning docs storing those in my vault, and then I can study them, and then I've also got it setup to do spaced repetition on those documents. I'm also using it to get summaries/transcripts of podcast episodes I've listened to and make those into actionable guides from the takeaways from the show. Something I never had time for before, but have wanted to do.
