---
title: Day after day
Date: 2025-10-07
Author: Joel Anderson
description: I've been exploring a few different topics about performance in framework and "ergonomics"
---

## Start of Day:

### What are my goals today?
Get through a pretty big ticket today. I basically spent the entire day yesterday just getting up to speed on the piece of the code base where I am working.

### What are my challenges today?
It's going to be hard. this is definitely a stretch task which is great, I've gotta stay out of my comfort zone to be able to improve.

## End of Day

### Have I reached my goals today?
Almost, I got the ticket done, then I started to work on typescript errors and entered HELL. Basically went from thinking I was basically done, to 3 hours of pain and still not done.

### What have I learned today?
Your not done until it's merged into main :rofl:

## Journal
I've been learning about a framework called solid.js and solidstart which are pretty interesting as they have similar feel to react but instead of useState it's createSignal. So what's really intersting about solid.js is there is no virtual DOM like there is with react. Which means it's lightning fast. The only thing faster in JavaScript land is Vanilla JS (plain JavaScript). I have a project I am working on that requires a lot of efficiency and that's what led me to this framework. I may be over thinking this and should just continue learning Next.js as it's much more widely adopted and has a huge eco-system, but I'm just trying this idea for fun so why not try out a new framework, and maybe even offer something back to the community and start building that out. The other thing I started doing was looking at Leptos which is a Rust web framework. so 0 javascript on the web. :wow: it uses WASM web assembly which is intersting and hardcore. I want to learn RUST too, but this feels like a bridge too far.

I'm not sure what I can offer to the solid.js community as a junior, but I can always try. Will hopefully get some time to do more research on this but we will see.
