---
title: Working out :strong:
Date: 2025-11-24
Author: Joel Anderson
description: I'm making progress on the workouts.
---

## Start of Day:

### What are my goals today?
Goals today were to do a workout with my new running buddy, but it's raining pretty heavily. I am going to hopefully get to do some pairing time with my mentor on stripe integration. Which I am stoked about for two reasons.
1. I've never done stripe integration
2. I get to do some pairing with my mentor

### What are my challenges today?
I'm not sure yet. Maybe today will be about focus. It's a day coming in unsure about what will be the priority. It's Monday and there is always that chance that another client will need to be prioritized over what you though was going to be the priority on Friday.


## End of Day

### Have I reached my goals today?
I did, incredible day pairing. Had a lot of fun and learned heaps about troubleshooting with Stripe setups. My work from last week worked perfectly, so once we got stripe integrated all of the work I did on either side of it worked!

### What have I learned today?
I'm commiting these to memory, because I'm tired of looking them up :laughing:
- `git commit --allow-empty -m <message>` useful for when you need to for a rerun of your actions in github if there's a cached changes problem, or a vercel authentication problem (my main problem)
- `git commit --amend -m <message>` useful for when you made an error in your git message, also useful if you missed a change that is associated with the most recent commit and you want to add it, instead of making a new commit
- `git rebase -i <commit-hash>` this is an interactive rebase and creates the option for you to make some edits to a commit that is not the most recent commit. This is a bit tricky if you have already pushed your changes because they you gotta `--force` push or `--force-with-lease` better option especially if you're working with other people. other cool things with the interactive rebase you can type a command like `git rebase -i HEAD~3` This basically queues up the last 3 commits for you to make edits to.

I've been learning how to implement stripe integration into a Next.js project. We are using the hosted version of stripe so no need to make our own UI, and really fast for getting it setup. I am still fuzzing on the implementation, It's like anything the first time you see it nothing makes sense, but I imagine as the day goes on I will understand it more.
## Journal
### Exercise
I've made a commitment with a buddy to do a Lunchtime run and body weight workout every monday. I'm pretty stoked on this because, Lunchtime makes a lot of sense for me to do a workout. I currently do long walks but I've been wanting to step that up. He suggested it too, so it was natural. I've also found a lunchtime indoor soccer league that's about 2 minutes from my co-working space. So gonna try and join a team so I can do that too. Also, found a some youtube ab and arm workouts that I am loving. I have realized I like the guided workout. I feel really uneducated about building my own workout routine, and I lack self discipline around doing workouts so its pretty hard for me to keep it up, but I currently am reaching for these videos on a nearly daily basis which is a crazy difference for me.

### Te Reo Māori
I have had a breakthrough with My Te Reo Māori learning journey. I am getting to the point that I know the vocabulary for most of the things I see in the world when walking around with my kid. Getting the kick of dopamine from that realization, gave me the boost of energy to find some online resources. I think I mentioned this in my last journal about my friend sharing the [Spinoff Māori language resource page] and on that list I've subscribed to two Te Reo podcasts and started listening to one called `taringa` which is Māori for ear, and it's more about learning about Māori culture and some language lessons, and I have really enjoyed it. Also I downloaded a language learning app `Ka Piki` and started back on `Drops` which now that I know a little bit more I realized is actually pretty crap for Te Reo Māori. It get's a lot of the language completely wrong, when I used it in the past I had no idea it was wrong. `ka piki` is a dedicated Māori language app so it has become my go to. I also like the style of learning which was similar to my experience at `Dev Academy Aotearoa` which was basically cram a lot in quickly and you'll get some of it, and it exposes you to a lot so the next time you see it, it's just more familiar and likely to stick faster.
