---
title: Energized
Date: 2025-11-26
Author: Joel Anderson
description: Yesterday was a day where everything flowed. I love it when that happens. let's see if we can keep it up today!!!
---

## Start of Day:

### What are my goals today?
Figure out what the next feature up is for the day, knock it out. Tomorrow is going to be a day of manual QA, really trying to put the app through it's paces, and then Friday will be tidying any bugs we find. :fingers_crossed: That the list is short.


### What are my challenges today?
Challenges today, will be staying focused on getting MVP for launch, when all my brain wants to do is refactor.


## End of Day

### Have I reached my goals today?
Today had a few roadblocks due to team being out, and the branch I needed was only on their local, so had to find some other things that needed to get done. Found a good ticket to work on, that I thought was going to be pretty straight forward but ended up taking the whole day. How it goes sometimes.

### What have I learned today?
learning the importance of scope creap and how that can blow out the time on a ticket. I kept chasing rabbits, as I thought they were important, but what I realized at the end of the day was I could have documented and created a new issue, and still completed my primary goal which would have allow me the needed time for the next ticket up. instead I am half a day behind but think I can make it up.


## Journal
My AI "2 second improvements" were an absolutely game changer in my workflow yesterday. I have identified two more that I'm going to do today

1. /create-pr - this one will use my formatting rules to create a pr for the feature/refactor/hot-fix branch I am working on. I may also make a `/write-pr` to write the draft, but I think this is a bit less important as there is already lot of documentation and git diff for informing the pr creation process, unlike the issue draft which needs a bit more back and forth to nail the scope and context needed for starting the planning phase.
2. /commit - I should have made this one first, as this is the thing that, I keep having to remind claude code how to do, and annoys me to no end. Another great saying by Paul Ackers the person who popularized the version of lean manufacturing called "2 Second Lean" is "fix what bugs you" This is a sure fire way to get the dopamine hit that often comes from making process improvements. And also, just makes life better.
