---
title: Deadline day
Date: 2025-11-28
Author: Joel Anderson
description: We have a hard deadline today, so getting straight into it.
---

## Start of Day:

### What are my goals today?
Finish the web app content upload, all the help guides, etc. that sort of stuff, then whatever else I can do. Really motivated to get this done. I love a challenge.


### What are my challenges today?
Well it's deadline day, the challenge is staying super sharp, time boxing like a champion, and getting it done.


## End of Day

### Have I reached my goals today?
I achieved my goals forr the day. Felt good to leave at the end of the day with the mission completed (sort of) We did get the stuff done that was the previous deadline, but now we've decided to do one more round of improvements before launching it. no new features, just polishing a few rough edges.

### What have I learned today?
That I enjoy having goals to work towarsds. It helps keep me motivated and focused. I find I am a sort of semi-competive person. I grew up playing sports, but mostly what I call self competive sports like running and skateboarding. yes you are competing against other people, but it's all about your individual contribution, and I often found my goal was to make myself better, not try to beat other people. That would lead to me doing well. I still think about Running cross country in high school, and my goal was always to beat my previous pr for a course. It was rarely a though in my mind about how I was fairing in the pack. this a tangent, but it is my journal :rofl: I get to go where my mind takes me.

## Journal
I Love typing tests, for whatever reason I really enjoy typing which is funny because I am an average writer, so I guess that's why me default, is to take typing tests. I like [Monkey Type](https://monkeytype.com) And have started to plateu at 105 wpm (94% accuracy) [My Profile](https://monkeytype.com/profile/HonkyTonkRobot) And hitting a lot of 122 wpm with ~80% accuracy. So started looking at what the best typist do to get to 200-300 wpm :mind_blown: and discovered a technique called "alt-finger typing" This is very similar to "Touch Typing" the standard way to use a keyboard, every key has a default finger you use to hit the key. With alt-finger typing you switch fingers for different keys depending on the letters around that letter. The benefit is it reduces the number of back to back key presses with the same finger, meaning you can go much quicker. Boy it is hard to do. after years of touch typing and getting fairly proficient at it, it is hard. I can feel that I will be much faster once I get up to speed and have already found a few of them to be quite natural like U(middle finger) > N(point finger) instead of pointer finger for both. Right now I am achieving a measly 50 wpm 100% accuracy as I am focusing on accuracy instead of speed for the next two weeks before I try to go for speed. Having fun though. Also I guess this will be my 2 second improvement in two weeks :fingers_crossed: right now it's a 100 second loss :rofl:
