---
title: Getting there
Date: 2025-11-27
Author: Joel Anderson
description: I am enjoying the speed of this week, and hope to have the ability to prioritze learning next week. Hard to know when you have an app going live.
---

## Start of Day:

### What are my goals today?
- Create a new Supabase instance for the staging/preview deployment so it's not using the prod database. Not a problem when you there are no real users, but next week there will be new users.
- pair with my mentoring colleague.


### What are my challenges today?
Catching up on the work I need to finish. Especially sense there is a plan to pair. Sometimes it's faster, and sometimes it's slower. We'll see.

## End of Day

### Have I reached my goals today?
Priorities got shifted to get the absolute MVP ready to go, and a extra Supabase instance for staging turns out is unneeded to go live, we'll just have to make sure we have backed up prod before making changes to the db schema.
No pairing as we are in battle mode to get this thing done on time.

### What have I learned today?
Priorities shift and that's ok as long as they are communicated well.

## Journal
Yesterday, I was working on uploading heaps of content into the app I am working on, and I leaned that putting unstructured content into a json object is a great way to get LLM's to process it with a very high level of success. And the important thing is that LLM's are also very good at taking loosly structured content and putting them into a json object. Why not skip the step of putting it into a json object. That's absolutely what I have been doing, but today was provided some content in a json format. So decided to give it a go. What I found by breaking the task down into these two steps was that Claude Code was able to do this what felt more efficiently, because after structuring the content it then wrote a script for inserting each piece of content into the db. I'm still experimenting with this but think it could be a useful tool in the tool belt.

