---
title: It's been awhile
Date: 2025-11-06
Author: Joel Anderson
description: It's been nearly two weeks since my last journal but I am back in action-ish :laughing:
---

## Start of Day:

### What are my goals today?
I have worked on 5 projects since I started that are all in production, which I am now seeing is about the limit, as I we are getting extensions on those pieces of work, and providing maintenance contracts on those pieces of work.


### What are my challenges today?
Well I guess my challenge was getting my journal done is it's the next day. I have family in town so balancing hanging with family and getting work done has been a fun challenge. i think it's made me more engergized in a way. As there was some ergency around the work I was doing.

## End of Day

### Have I reached my goals today?
Yea, I think so, I didn't finish my main ticket but I was balancing a lot of changing priorities all day and I think I did well.


### What have I learned today?
This was the first time I've tried to use AI to work on two tickets at the same time. One in planning phase and one in building phase. There was some pros and cons. While I was waiting on one workflow to stop, I could jump to a different project and continue on the next bit of that project. One of the challenges was task switching which was difficult at times because the planning phase is a bit of a new topic for me and so had to spend a lot of mental energy trying make sure I was planning it properly. In AI coding you live and die by your ability to plan. researching, iterating on your plan with your AI assistant. It really makes or breaks how well the implementation will be.

## Journal
