---
title: In the Flow
Date: 2025-09-25
Author: Joel Anderson
description: What a funny thing. I'm a really great flow this week, where last week was a struggle.
---

## Start of Day:

### What are my goals today?
I'm not sure, hopefully get some feedback on yesterdays work from the team and have a clear picture of what's on top today.

### What are my challenges today?
It's always difficult coming in without a focus for the day. It can go well, and sometimes it can be ddifficult to find where to direct my energy. What's the most important thing to the business. I think I know what to do, but, I'm keen to hear from the team.


## End of Day

### Have I reached my goals today?
Yes and know, I made heaps of progress on the next ticket up, didn't really get feedback on it yet, as the team was pretty tied up on another project, but have direction, and pumping it out.

### What have I learned today?
I don't know that I learned anything, but got some reps in on refactoring types, following an Data Transfer Object (DTO)/entity format. DTO's purpose is to shape the type to exaclty match the fields needed for a request/response, none of the DB generated fields ie. id, created_at, updated_at, deleted_at, etc. This is great for when connecting to API's or just reducing the complexity of the types, The "entity" type that extends the DTO, helps with seperation of concerns.

## Journal
Yesterday was a fun day, I finally made the wholesale switch to Regolith swayland, and I'm loving it. because you can really customize the keybindings, I've been able to make vim mode that allows me to truly navigate the windows like vim and when I want to start using a window I can switch back to "insert" mode. It's been a bit funny as I've got to retrain my brain a bit from being quite used to the keymaps on the Ubuntu system which are pretty similar to what you would find on any computer, with lots of super key, and ctrl key action. I spent entirely to much time working on it yesterday so maybe in was a 30 second improvement, and a 1 minute step backwards in my efficiency :laughing:. That also means I didn't log a full 8hrs of work yesterday, but I had already banked a couple of 9hr days so it felt ok to be able to spend some time playing with my system.

### What I appreciate about my job
I love the atomomy I am given. My bosses motto is I treat you like an adult, you act like an adult, and he lives that. It means I feel really motivated not to break that trust and to deliver the results that are expected of me. Another great aspect is that we have the flexibility to pick our own hours, which is really helpful when you have a kid. I can design my life a bit easier because of this. Also, I thought I would hate working remote but we have some great team culture, and utilize Discord well, which means we have a lot of face time with each other, and instead of standup we have a check in which is just a great way for us to build relationships as a team.

The outher thing that is huge from me is having senior team members that really want to support my growth. It was one of things I wanted in my first job as a junior developer was mentorship. I feel extremely lucking and am thankful that I found such a wonderful team.

### 2 second improvement
Today's 2 second improvement is adding some aliases to my .zshrc for `pnpm run` and `pnmx` save a few keystrokes, I reckon this will save me minutes a day :laughing: which overtime will really add up, and mostly I'm just fixing things that annoy me. like trying to type pnpm. for what ever reason I find that hard and mistype it often.
```zsh
pnr() {
    pnpm run "$@"
}
```
Writing it like this allows me to have arguments/options what ever they are called. this happens with the "$@" basically it means anything that comes after pnr will get popped in the the pnpm run command as arguments. If I just tried to do `alias pnr='pnpm run'` and then try to `pnpm run dev` in the terminal it wouldn't work.

```zsh
pnx() {
    pnpx "$@"
}
```
