---
title: regolith
Date: 2025-09-18
Author: Joel Anderson
description: Migrating from Ubuntu Gnome over to Regolith.
---

## Start of Day:

### What are my goals today?
Get the next ticket up complete which is basically getting our production data into the database.

### What are my challenges today?
I'm focused, motivated, not tired. I'm sure I will have challenges but I can't identify them today. Maybe just that today's ticket is going to be a bit of a slog and less about coding which is where my drive is as a junior dev. Though I guess sometimes its good to have a break so my brain can synthetic the leanings from


## End of Day

### Have I reached my goals today?
I missed the mark on goal achievement. Basically all of the work I did I ended up trashing because I was learning while coding on the problem and wasn't really understanding, and went down the wrong path.


### What have I learned today?
That sometimes you take a step backwards to learn in productivity. This feels like a corporate answer but another way to say it. it the price of being a junior, I guess that's the price in life, it's not always forward progress. God, I sound like a fucking Linkedin influencer :rofl:.

## Journal
It's been a goal to talk aobut my 2 second improvements in my daily journal and today's is more of a kaizan event as I am doing  bigger improvement over several days which is migrating from ubuntu gnome to ubuntu regolith sway which is the new wayland version of regolith instead of the x11 version.

My 2 second improvement for today was installing list file as a terminal TUI for vim like file explorer. I have been finding using the gnome file explorer gui annoying. Not sure i I even need that once I'm fully migrated over to regolith but for now list file is my go to, if only I could figure out how to get it to launch when i upload files in the browser. If you know how to do this, please open an issue for this journal entry :laughing: The first time someone opens an issue on one of my journals I think that will make my year, because the idea of that is hilarious to me.
