---
title: Buzzy week
Date: 2025-09-29
Author: Joel Anderson
description: I'm feeling great coming off a super productive weekend of home repairs. I finished off making a stool for my kid, which is nice to keep up my furniture making skills.
---

## Start of Day:

### What are my goals today?
Not sure, what the priority will be, could be jumping back on the project that we sent live on Friday, this is most likely
Might be some last minute changes for a project we sent live a few months ago, they are moving from their beta users to public access tomorrow.

Or something else, I'm keen to maximize for learning this week if their isn't much of a pressing project, What that will likely look like is me building a next.js/supabase template repo for having auth/login reset/etc done. All the stuff that is basically the same on every project, that way if I do go the figma just get the front end screens I Can just plug it in, write the db schema, server actions, and connect it to the front-end pages.


### What are my challenges today?
Finding focus, as I'm not coming into the day with focus. The other thing is time-boxing. When doing any kind of learning it's easy to get stuck and not make progress, but I need to follow the if I am stuck for 15 minutes ask for help, or move on, and come back later.


## End of Day

### Have I reached my goals today?
It turned out to be a day with difficulty to find direction. Not exactly sure how to achieve the goals I was tasked with, and my project lead was sick, so they powered through to give me the context I needed, but weren't able to be around when I got stuck, but was able to pivot to some other important work to be done. So in the end it was a successful day and I did meet my vague goals, but it took a bit of persistence and not just waiting for an answer when I got stuck.

### What have I learned today?
reinforcement learning that sometimes you've gotta take that initiative even as a junior to just figure out what's the best use of your time, when you're stuck. maybe I learned that it's valueable to have some other type of work as a backup when I get stuck, and have tried rubber ducking, pseudo-coding, web/llm help, that I can fall back to a backup important activity. One of the things I learned from Lean manufacturing was "one piece flow" similar to WIP in Agile. Not have too many balls on the go, in lean it literally means one thing start to finish before starting the next thing, this is all about through put your ability to get something through the system. Our instinct as humans is to batch, but what this means is we get 3 jobs done at the same time, and they all come out in 3hrs where when you one piece flow one comes out every hour and becomes this predictable thing, and the real power is when you find an error, that error isn't spread across 3 jobs, it's spread across one job, then fixed and the next two jobs are saved from that error. A lot to say I understand why in software WIP is so useful, we always want to be striving for one piece flow, but having some backup tasks isn't the worst thing.

## Journal
I've make good progress on getting into my fitness routine, I haven't really stepped up my game on my te reo learning, but I have still been learning, with my morning coffee and a Te reo Māori/English dictionary :laughing:

### 2 second improvement
Last week I finally made the transition to Regolith now that Regolith Swayland is a thing. I was hesistant to switch off wayland to regolith i3/x11 because well things are moving away from x11 to Wayland, but now thanks to Sway I can have the best of both worlds. It was time to rip off the band-aid and just get into it, and now I am slowly realising which keymaps, I don't have as I use stuff. The one for today is the keymap to the display settings. I work out of co-working spaces occassionaly, and when you sit at a new desk I've always gotta setup the monitors the way like, and I've got no keymap for the display settings well atleast I don't like the default so I am making a new one.
