---
title: Down
Date: 2025-09-22
Author: Joel Anderson
description: Thursday-Sunday were hard. I was pretty depressed, and it was tough.
---

## Start of Day:

### What are my goals today?
Actually finish the ticket. Share my struggles with my team.

### What are my challenges today?
Actually finishing the ticket.


## End of Day

### Have I reached my goals today?
Absolutely got it ready to push to production :raised_hands:. Today was a great day, it was just one of those days where things flowed effortlessly.


### What have I learned today?
I've learned that sometimes things do go smoothly and there isn't some unexpected thing that makes it difficult.

## Journal
I have gone through depressive cycles since about 2018 for a variety of reasons. I've recently been perscribed medication to help me manage depression as it was becoming clear I wasn't managing with just diet, exercise, and meditation though that may have been because I wasn't doing any of those things. This past weekend was the worst hole I've found myself in since starting medication. in fact I've been so good, I've reduced my therapy visits down to once every two months instead of fortnightly.

I'm writing about this one because this is a journal and I want to be honest, and not make a highlight real, but also because I think being vulnerable is a thing that is hard for me sometimes. This biggest learning I havve about my mental health and when I am not functioning well is to remind myself that it's just a phase it will pass, and it has now. I woke up today with a vigor that I haven't had in weeks. I think I've sunk into this hole because I wasn't achieving the goals I wanted to achieve that also aligned with the soft deadlines at work, additionally I was still dealling with jet lag from an overseas trip, and a sick family that I needed to care for, not that I didn't want to care for them but the extra strain was not good for the space I needed to take care of myself. I think a big part of this was while on vacation I didn't take my med's as consistently as I should have, and now I am getting those meds back into my body, and feeling normal again.

Also had some nice time on saturday and sunday with friends that always helps feel the cup.

### 90 days
I've just reached 90 days at work, and excited to have a review with the boss man to see where I can improve, where I am doing well, and to discuss what I want/need to succeed in my role.

### next 90 days
I think taking a proactive planning of what I want to achieve will help me have more focus on achieving those things. here are the four things that I would like to do, but I need to select two.

1. start learning rust
2. take the next step on my te reo Māori journey (take a class)
3. build a fitness routine (I'm thinking p90x)
4. buy a piano and start relearning how to play.
