---
title: Back at it
Date: 2025-09-15
Author: Joel Anderson
description: I took two weeks off work, and had some nice refreshing time with family where I did almost 0 coding. I only had one client emergency while I was gone :sweating_smile:
---

## Start of Day:

### What are my goals today?
Goals today, get caught up on the project progress the team made while I was away.


### What are my challenges today?
Challenges today are to one get up to speed, two dust off the cobwebs, and 3 get going again.


## End of Day

### Have I reached my goals today?
I'd say mostly, I'm back into it but making today a shorter day as, my brain is already fried after 6 hours.


### What have I learned today?
I learned a bit about setting up some AI workflows and how to make sub agents within claude code to set more specific operating context for different tasks. I also learned about how to setup supabase testing db, so that local dev db doesn't get corrupted. These are all things the team got setup while I was away so, I spent time reviewing all of the code changes made in the last two weeks, and teaching myself about the parts I didn't understand. I would say testing is one of my weakest developer skills, that I am working on improving.

## Journal
Before I left we downgraded my claude subscription as there was no point paying for it while I was going to be using it. What that meant was I had a day where I was coding with no AI assistance. What I found was this was hard :sweating_smile: There was almost this kind of withdrawl from not having Claude code. It wasn't that I couldn't write the code because I often write code without Claude because some things are just faster to do yourself, or kind of wasteful to ask Claude to do. What it was, is that I go so much slower, and things that I am confident enough to review claude and go oh yep that's correct, but when I have to write it myself I go, "did I do this right", "did I put this in the right place" It's kind of like when you study for a test and when you do your flashcards answer first and then say what the question it answers is easy, but when you read the question your not confident that you can answer it.

I don't like this feeling

I think now that I am back at work I'm going to stay on the lower plan so I am forced to use Claude more sparingly and have more time learning the old fashioned way.
