---
title: I am electrically charged this week.
Date: 2025-12-01
Author: Joel Anderson
description: I am getting into the work flow.
---

## Start of Day:

### What are my goals today?
Goal today is to get today's ticket done, and also create a feedback mechanism so that our users can give us active feedback on the app. A thing I learned from 2 second lean is the answer to the question should be in the place that you ask the question. I am sort of adapting this to mean, The place to ask for feedback is in the place that someone will have feedback. So instead of sending users a feedback form, a month after they start using it, create feedback links with a single text box, on every page, with strong UI so that request is clear, and the ask is small. Another cool thing about this is we can have meta data that is drawn from the place the feedback is given so we can quickly pin point what the user is referencing. Is this a great idea :laughing: :man_shrugging: who knows, but we can only find out by testing it. I need to come up with what success criteria is for this feature.

### What are my challenges today?
Challenges today, is that I am self-directing and there is a chance the project lead will need me somewhere else. though they may be happy with the ticket I have chosen to pick up.


## End of Day

### Have I reached my goals today?
Absolutely, the day was excellent. Finished of the next ticket and then even fit a bonus small ticket up.

### What have I learned today?
I have gotten a bit more practice on making google forms. Today was fun one too, very similar to having params for dynamic rendering of page content ie. the param telling the page, what content from the db to fetch, vs a page for every different piece of content. I learned I can do a similar thing with google forms. I can pass values through the url to auto populate fields in the form. ie. When asking for feedback, I can have the page they are on auto populated to reduce the human error and to remove admin from the user. Real pleased with it. Also, just using the apps script the make the form was incredible using JavaScript and claude code to write it meant I made the form in about 5 minutes instead half an hour.

## Journal
I am getting into the work flow, and I am loving it. I think a lot of it is I am working on a piece of work with two of my hoamahi (coworker), and I've had a couple weeks in a row where I am just working on the same piece of work. I always get energized when I have a consistent thing I can chip away at. I do love the short bursts of fire fighting, though find it unsustainable for work happiness.

## 90 progress
I am pleased to say I am continuing my 3 times a week lunchtime workouts doing 5 minute abs or 5 minute upper body workouts. It seems like a small step, but I have learned about myself is the habit is the important thing before the progress. I have skipped running the last week, due to pulled muscle, and that is still healing so unfortunately have missed doing a run with my accountability partner. It will happen though.

My te reo Māori journey on the other had is flourishing. I have found an app I like called `Ka Piki` which I think just means, will climb or we will climb (still learning). It has a really good way of teaching and for the first time I am really starting to understand sentence structure instead of just vocab. One of things I have learned is essentially how to make somthing plural. ie. the bird : the  birds :: te manu : ngā manu. Ngā is the way to indicate plural. I also learned "kei te" is for present tense, and nō is for from.
