---
title: Another Journal flow improvement
Date: 2025-08-16
Author: Joel Anderson
description: I love micro improvements, and I've made another one for my journaling process.
---

## Start of Day:

### What are my goals today?
It's the weekend so I am just going to play around with the figma make project I was working on a few weeks ago. I haven't picked it up in awhile and really keen to find a workflow that works with figma make. Even though we use next.js/vercel sometimes I really feel like figma is going to win this space because of their design chops. I just need them to get better faster :laughing:. Though they just made a partnership with SupaBase, and because Supabase has RLS you could technically build a secure app with just frontend, and Supabase. I don't think I'd build a production app like this but I just want to play around and see if it really is possible.

### What are my challenges today?
I have very little time, unless I stay up late tonight so we shall see.

## End of Day

### Have I reached my goals today?
Definitely reached my goal, was able to make a pretty cool whack-a-mole game with the Catpuccino Mocha theme. I also used the Chakra-ui design element kit, was able to attach that to my prompt. I also really like how Figma opens up a sytem prompt markdown file that you can put in your kind of base requirements for how you want things, and with a very simple prompt I was able to get great first draft.
```markdown
I'd like to make a simple wack-o-mole game. with a leaders board page, and user profiles with stats kind of like the github contributions graph every day you play the spot turns purple, and the more you play the brighter the color becomes.  Use the Cappucine Mocha color scheme
```
Then It did a bit of reasoning and made a sort of to do list that I was able to review before it make the actually thing.
```markdown
## I'll create a whack-a-mole game with the following features:
- Main game with 9 holes and randomly appearing moles
- User profiles with GitHub-style contribution graph tracking daily play
- Leaderboard showing top scores
- Catppuccin Mocha color scheme throughout
- Local storage for user data initially, then suggest Supabase for persistence
```

### It's Purdy
I should load up the screen shots but I am feeling lazy, and I'm gonna embrace that instead of fighting it. So you'll just have to take my word for it that it did a beautiful job.

### Supabase connection
Supabase connection is so easy, like this is a really working application in one prompt and a one click action to connect to supabase. Earlier I mentioned that I wanted it to be a pure connection from frontend to database because that is technically possible in SupaBase but it turns out that is the only way you can build it. There is pretty much no server side business logic, All the db calls are in the frontend components, and all of the business logic is in the database. Seems obvious after doing it, but was surprised.

### And that's where the good stuff ends
I was like cool, I'm happy with this, I'd like to now take this to my local machine so I can work on it in my terminal with Claude code, but it is super annoying experience, I've gotta install of the npm packages, tsconfig, tailwind config, I've gotta setup a seperate Supabase because the one that connects to your figma frontend is special kind of setup. Don't get me wrong this is great for people who are not software developers because it just works and you have way less thinking to do. All the package.json is hidden away in Figma, so you can focus on writing react components which honestly is a great way to start learning about coding. And the Supabase ecosystem just works, and introduces you to what I am finding is a really powerful GUI for learning PostgreSQL.

What I really don't like about this is it feels like vendor lock-in. I am super happy to pay Figma for using Figma make, but this really turns me off, because It's not making it easier for how a developer would want it to flow. I see how they are making a strategic choice and considering who their user base is it is probably the right choice. I do love when a company is disciplined and focused and doesn't try to boil the ocean. I am sure they will eventually get to a place that is better for what I want to do, but they are making a product that works really seamlessly for their existing user base. Also, maybe they know that no one else is focused on designers, so they are making a bold differentiating choice.

I'm going to give Figma First draft another go and connect it to a the figma MCP server so I can interact with it with Claude code, so we will see how that goes.

All that I did find an opensource repo someone made that speeds up moving your figma setup locally, but their were still some bugs that broke the beautiful UI a created in Figma, and it felt less fun because well it started to feel like more work than it was worth.

[likang/figma-make-local-runner](https://github.com/likang/figma-make-local-runner)

## What have I learned today?
I've learned heaps about Figma Make,

## Journal
So a few days/weeks? ago I figured out the neovim command `:saveas <new-file-name>` or `:sav` which really spead up making a new journal from my template. I was doing `:w` write `:Ex` exit back to the directory and then opening the new file, which was annoying and definitely costing me 2 seconds multiple times a day. Well I made it even better, maybe it's still in trial but feels faster. new process `cp TE<tab-completion> <new-file-name>` using the copy command and tab completing the only file that has "TE" in it. The part I am not sure is faster is opening the actual file. `fd` which opens my terminal fuzzy finder which allows me to add multiple strings and it narrows to the files that contain those strings think of it like a search function I just type in <mm><dd><enter> and I'm in the new file. where it may be faster to `nvim .` open the current directory in NeoVim Jump to the last file, go up to files `<jj>` in the directory which is always the newest journal entry and press `<Enter>` Ok, I just tried both 30 times I think the `nvim .` is faster :rofl:.
