---
title: QA madness
Date: 2025-08-01
Author: Joel Anderson
description: Really enjoyed my QA work yesterday, and excited to do more of it today.
---

## Start of Day:

### What are my goals today?
Find and fix one more thing during the QA process. Also, I hope it gives me an opportunity to refactor something. I really enjoy the refactor process, I feel like it's teaching me how to write good code straight off the bat. though always keeping in the back of my head balencing moving quickly and writing maintainable code.


### What are my challenges today?
Maybe being time poor, I did a big 10 hour day yesterday, because OI couldnt leave until I finished that refactor and got a PR in for my colleague to review, so today I've only got 6 hours.

Also, not going too far down the rabbit hole. I am finding it hard to not go down the rabbit hole when I find an unrelated problem to the thing I am fixing. I'm trying to get into the practice of ducumenting it in an issue in the GitHub repo, but sometimes it's so hard to not just fix it. My brain goes it'll be a simple fix just do it. Then it ends up taking me two hours because I'm a junior so understanding the problem and making sure I understand the fix, is often quite time consuming.

## End of Day

### Have I reached my goals today?
I did! I found an intersesting bug in showing a user their recent activity. It was another issue with having implementing Reach Query, and a feature not getting that update yet. So I should say it was actually a bug as much as it was an inificient use of state managment that could be using React Query. It was a pretty straightforward refactor but then I went down the rabbit hole of adding a new feature to the recent activity. Looking back at it retrospectively, I really chased some rabbits on this one, and I need to reel that behavior in, as we have a launch date of Friday, and while what I added was useful it wasn't MVP and doesn't prevent the function of the recent activity view. I added some stats next to the recent activity for helping the user see the progress on the activity. This required creating some complicated table joins, to get the right data, and to be able to use it in the easiest way possible. It also, meant some more complicated react queries.


### What have I learned today?
I learned to spot/reflect on my rabbit chasing :rofl: I like to celebrate this as a win, as it means i am noticing, and that will mean I'll notice it more in the future as I am growing in my develpoment skills. I also love it when I learn a different language has the same syntax, or easily understandable syntax. ie. `!=` means "not equal" in `PSQL` which is easy because it's the same as JavaScript.

I also learned or found useful to before commiting my code to go through it, and write comments about the code I was submitting for review, one just to consolidate my own understanding of the code I was suggesting to implement. Also, so the person reviewing it would have a step up on understanding quickly and not having to interpret what I was trying do with the code I wrote.

## Journal
I've noticed this funny thing in me when using CLAUDE to help me often writing a lot of the code. I find myself saying "we" which is just a stange concept to me as this is just such a funny way to speak about software ttols that I am using to get my work done. I guess because I've never been able to naturally have a conversation with software before. Like I want to give credit to Claude for the help on the work, it feels weird to claim it as my own work, when i am guiding Claude, but claude is doing a lot of the thinking. though it's not do different than using Excel. I put in inputs, and Excel gives back outputs, but theirs just something different. I know I'm rambling at this point but maybe it will become coherent thoughts over time of thinking about this.
