---
title: I love solving problems
Date: 2025-08-04
Author: Joel Anderson
description: maybe I should say I like bug hunting and then fixing them. there's something rewarding about the process. Especially when they are small enough that they can be tackled in a day.
---

## Start of Day:

### What are my goals today?
Goals, finish off my PR review (self review) then request team review, get on to the next bug.


### What are my challenges today?
I'm in an efficiency mood, I try to spend 15 minutes every day trying to make a "2 second improvement" something I learned from lean manufacturing. idea is to try and make one small efficiency improvement everyday, and over time it will add up to huge productivity gains.

`We often over estimate what we can achieve in a short time, and underestimate what we can achieve in a long time.`

I love this quote because it helps remind me to make these small improvements and not spend a bunch of time once a month trying to make hugh improvements. Instead spend 15 minutes make one new keyboard shortcut, add one new alias to your shell config. etc.   And I have found the key is to fix what bugs you. What thing do you do all of the time that you are putting up with that would be great if it was faster.

Anyways why this is todays challenge is because I could easily do more than 15 minutes today, but I need to constrain that desire, and keep focused on the work at hand. daily consistency, not binge optimization. Otherwise I'd spend all of my time figuring out what color scheme I want my oh-my-zsh to be :laughing:

## End of Day

### Have I reached my goals today?
I did! I even got a second PR out for a new feature.

The first one took way longer than I like and was way larger than I would have liked. I've started create self imposed limits on how big PR's should be, not sure if it's a good idea or not, but following the rule of if at the end I can't go do my pre-pr review without my eyes starting to glaze, that's going to feel even tiresome to review for the person that didn't write the code. I find that line for me is around 800+- lines of change. this means I'm keeping the PR's small enough that they can be reviewed quickly, more accurately (means I get better feedback), and means I can feel the dopamine hit of having code I worked on merged in.

I say all of this because that's not how today went on the first PR, but I was able to make up for it with a tidy 100 lines of change PR in the afternoon.

### What have I learned today?
I did a big refactor which in the end meant I only wrote about 300 lines of code, but I broke down a 1600+ line file :wow: into 5 separate files, getting more granular with the seperation of concerns. I did this hugely assisted by Claude, which meant I understood it on a high level, I was able to check that everything was still working, but It took me ages to wrap my head around the changes because I didn't do it myself. I find this was both good and bad.

#### The Good
- Claude was able to find a pretty good solution, really fast
- I got to hone my skills on seeing the common mistakes AI agents make. Claude loves duplicating types, and helper functions especially if you've got large files. I find that the smaller your files are and the better organized your files are, Claude will make this mistake less often, but man reigning in the interface and type making in every file seems to be a daily struggle.
- I found that because the initial file I was shrinking was 1500+ lines I was having trouble keeping the context of the file in my own head, I can empathize with you claude :thinking:. So having an AI assistant break it down for me made a heap of difference.

#### The Bad
- I spent hours reviewing the changes to understand exactly what was done and why.
- Because the file was so large I found I could hardly wrap my head around it, and having to both understand where it was and the changes Claude made a difficult task.
- I think this is one of the first times that I was requesting a PR from a teammate without fully understanding all of the code, it was just too much for me to grasp in one PR. I felt I understood it in a shallow sense and I definely understood the new code, as most of this was the same code as previous just modularized into smaller files, I felt confident to push it up, but just spending the time tag where in the old file the new code came from is a task in itself. And maybe unneeded, but I feel like it's important for my own check of myself before I ask someone else to review my work, and important that I'm not just pushing up garbage edits.

## Journal
